>> JUDICIARY, COMRCECIENCE
ANDRANSPOATION LL COM
ORR.
ELCOMEVERYON T TOY'S
HEARG ON FACEOK'S SIAL
MEDIPRIVAC AD E US AND
ABEF DATA
ALTHGH NOT UNPCEDENT, THIS
IS ANIQUE ARING.
TH IUES WE WILL CONDER
RANGEROM DA PVACY A
SECURI TO CONMER PROTEION
AN THE FEDER TRADEOMMISSIO
ENRCEMEN TOUINGN
RISDTIONOF THE TWO
COITTEES
WE HVE 4 MEMRS BETWE O
TWO MMITTE.
THAT MAY N SEEMLIKEARGE
GRP BY FEBOO STDARDS, B
IS SNIFINT HE FOR A
HEING  THENITED ATES
SETE.
WEILL DO OUR BE TO KEEP
THINGS MOVIN EFFIENTLY GIV
OURCIRCUMSTANCE
WE WLEGIN WITPENING
STEMENTSROMHE CHAIRNND
RANKGEMBERS OFACH
MMITTEE STAING WITH CHAIRN
THUN
AN THEN PROCE WIT M
ZUERBE'S ONINGTATEME.
WE WLHEN ME ONTO
ESTIONG.
CH MEMRILL HE FIVE
MINUTETO QUEION WIESSES.
I'DIKE TO REMDHE MEMRS
OF BH COMMIEES TH TIME
LIMITSILL B AND MT BE
STRICTNFORCEGIVENTHE
NUMBERTHAT WHAVE HE TODA
YOU'R OVE YOURTIME,
CHAIAN THU AND IILLAKE
SURE T LET Y KNOW.
ERE WI NOT BE AECOND ROUND
ASWELL
OF CRSE THE WIL BE THE
UAL FOLLOW-U WTTEN
QUESONS FOTHE RERD.
ESTIONG WILLLTERNA
BETWEEMAJORI ANDINORY
AND BEEEN COMMTEES.
WEILL PROCEN ORDEASED
ONESPEIVE MMITE
NIORIT
WILL ANTICATE A UPLE
ORT EAKSATERN TH
AFRNOON.
ITY PLSURE TO ROGNI
E CHRMAN O T COMMEE
MMITE, CIRMATHUN FOR
S OPENI TATEME.
>> TNK Y,HAIRMAN ASSL.
TOY'S HEING IS
EXAORDARY.
IT TRAORDARYO HOLD A
JOINT MMITTEHEARG.
IT'S EN MOREXTRAORNARYO
HA A SINEEO TTIFYEFOR
NEARLYALF OFHE UNID STES
SENA.
BUT EN FACOOK ISRETT
TRAORDARY.
MORE TN BILON PPLE E
FABOOKVERYONTH
1.BILLN PELE USET EVER
DA
MO THA TOPULION OFNY
COUNY ON EAR EXCEP CINA
AND MEHAN FOUTIMETHE
POPUTIONF THUNITED STAS.
'S ASO MOR TN 100 TES
THE PULATIO OY HOME STA
OF SOU DAKOTA
PLUSROUGHL45%OF AMECAN
ULTSEPORT GTING AT AST
SO OF EIR NEWS FROM
FACEOK.
MANYRESPTS, FACEBO'S
INCREDLE RCH IS Y WE'R
HE TODAY
'RE HE BAUSE O WHAOU,
MR.ZUCKERBE, HVE DCRIB
AS A BACH OF UST.
A IZ A USEDY AROXITELY
300,0 PPLE LED T
INFOATION AUT87 MILON
FACEBO USES BEING OAINED B
THCOMPANCAMBRIE ANALICA.
THERE E PNTY O QSTIONS
ABOUT EEHAVIO OAMBRID
ALYTICAND WE EXPT TO HOL
A SIMIL HEARI ON CAMIDGE
D SIMIR FIRM
AS YOUSAID, TS  NOT LELY
TOEN ISOLAD INCIDE.
IN FACEMONRATED B
CEBOOKUSPENSN O ANOER
FIRM JT TS PAS WEEND.
YOU PMISE TAT WHEN FACEBO
SCOVS OTRPPSHAT HAD
ACSS TLARG AMNTS OFSER
DATA YOU WIL BAN TM UNTI
THE EFCTED.
D THAT APPROPATE.
IT'SNLIKEL TO BE ENOUGH FR
THE BLION FACOOK USS.
E REAN THA  MANYEOPLE
AR WORRI ABOUT TISNCIDT
IS WHAT IT SS AUT HOW
FACEBO WKS.
TH IDE TT F ERY PSON
WH DECIDED TO TRY AN APP,
INFORMATIO ABOUTEARLY0
OTR PELE WASCRAPED FROM
YO SERCES TO PUT I MILDL
DIURBING
ANTHE FACT THAHOSE 87
LLIOPEOP MAY HE
TECHCALLY CONNTED TO MAKG
THEIDATA AVAILLE DOE'T
KE MOST PEOE FEELNY
BEER.
TH RECENEVELATN AND
MACIOUS ACTRSERE ABLE TO
UTILE CEBOOK DEFAU
IVACY SETTING TO MATCH EAIL
DRESSEANDHONE NUMBE
FOUNON THEO-CALL DARK W
TO PLIC FACEBOOKROFILE
TENTIAYFFECTI ALL
CEBOOK URSNLY ADD FEL T
THE FIRE
THEYON'T APPEAR TO BE CSED
BY THE KIND OF NEGGENCE THAT
ALLOWS TYPIC DAREACHE TO
HAPP.
STEAD,HEY BO APPEAO BE
THEESULT OF PEOPL ELOITIN
THE VY TOOYOU CREAT TO
NIPUTE ERSINRMATN.
I KW FACOOK HATAKEN
SEVEL STEPAND INNDS
KE MOR TO ARESSHESE
ISSU.
VER TH LESSSOME HAVE WARD
AT T AIONSACEBOOIS
TANG TONSUREHAT THI
PARTS D'TBTAIN DATA FROM
UNSPECTI USERSHILE
NECESSY, WILACTUAL SERVE
ENHCE CEBOOK OWN
ABILITTO MART SUCHATA
EXCLIVEL
MO OF US UNDERAND TH
WHHER YOU EUSINGACEBOO
OR GOOGL OR SE OTH ONLIN
SERVES, WE ARE TRADI CERTA
FORMATN ABT OURSELVES FOR
FREEOR LOST SERVIC.
T FOR IS MEL TO PERST,
BOTH SID OF TH BARGAIN ND
KNOW E STES THAARE
VOLV.
RIT NO I'M N CONNCED
AT FABOOK'S USERSAVEHE
INFORMION TH THEY ND TO
KE MNINGFUOICES
INTHEPA, MYF MY
LLEAGU ON BOTHIDESF TH
AISLE VE BNILLI TO DER
TO TEC COMPIES' EFFTS T
GULA EMSEES, BU THI
MAY  CHAING.
JU LAST NTH AN OVERWLMING
BIRTISANASHION NGRESS
VOTETO MKE IT EASIE FOR
PROSUTORAND VTIMS TO G
AFTE WSITES TT KWINGLY
SCINE SEX AFFIING.
IS SHOD BE A WAKEU CA FOR
EECOMMUNY.
WE WANT  HEAR MOR WITUT
LAY ABOUT WHAT FABOOK AND
OTHER CPANIESLAN TO T
TA GREER RPONSIBITY FO
WHAT HPENSN THEIPLATFOS.
HO WILL YROTEUSS'
DATAHOW WILL YNFORM USRS
OUT CHAES THA YOURE
MANG, ANHOW DO YOU IENDO
PROACTELY SP HARULONDUCT
INEAD OFEING FCEDO
SPOND  IT MONSR YEA
LAR.
MR ZUERBERG, IN MA WAY YOU
D T CPANY TTOU
EATED,HE STORYHAT YOU
CREATEREPREST THE ERICAN
DRM.
MA ARE IREDIBLINSPIR BY
WHAT Y'VE DONE
AT THEAME ME, YOU HE AN
OBLIGAON ANDT'S U TO YOU T
ENSU THAHATREAMOESN'T
BECOME PVACYIGHTMA FOR
E SCOS OF PPLE WHUSE
FACEBOOK
THISEARING I AN OPPORNITY
TOPEAK TO THOSEWHO BELIE IN
FACEOK ANDOHOSE WHO ARE
DEEP SKEPTAL ABO IT.
WE ALISTENG.
ERICA  LISTENG.
AN QUIT POSSIY THE RLD IS
LIENING, T.
THANKYOU.
NOW RANNG MBER FEINEIN.
THA YOUERY MUC MR.
CHAIRM, CHAIAN GRASSY,
CHRMAN THUNE.
THANYOU TH F HOLDING TH
HEARIN
MR ZUCKERRG, THK YOFOR
BEING HERE
U HVE A REALPPORTUTY TS
AFRNOON TEAD THE INDTRY
ANDEMONSTTE A MEANGFUL
COITMENTO PROTTING
INDIDUAL PVACY.
HAVE LRNED OVER THEAST
FEW MONS ANDE'VEEARNED A
EAT DE THAS ALARMI.
WE HVE SEENOW FEIGN AORS
ARE AG SIAL MEA
PLFORMSIKE FACOOK T
INTERFEINLECTIO AND TAKE
MILLNS O AMERANS'ERSONA
INRMATIONITHOUT TIR
OWLEDGEN ORDERO MIPULAT
PUIC OPION ANDARGET
INDIDUAL VOTS.
ECIFICLY ON FRUARY T
16 SPECI COUEL MUEER
ISSUEDN INDICENT AGASTHE
SSIA BASNTERNE RESRCH
AGCY AND3F IT ELOYEES
FONTERFERI ORATION
TARGETING E UNIT STATE
ROUGH IS37AGEDICTME,
EARN THAT THERA RAN
CODINATE CPAIGN THROH 47
CEBOOKCCOUNTS D PAGE
THCAMPAI INCLUD ADSND
FALSENFORMION REE
SCORD ANDARM SRETARY
CLINTOS CAMPGN, AND THE
CONTENWAS SEYN ESTITED
157 LLION AMERANS.
A MTHATER  MARCH 17,
NEROKE TH CAMBRGE
ANALYTA EXPITEDHE PSONAL
FORMATN OF APPROMATELY0
MILLIO FACOOK USEITHOUT
THR KNOWDGE ORERMISSN.
ANAWE, WEEARNED THAT
MBER W EV HIGH.
87 MILLIONACEBOO URSHO
HA TEIR PRICY INFORMION
TAN WIOUT EIR NSEN
SPIFICAL USI AERSOLITY
IZ HE CRTED, T PROSSOR
LLECTETHEERSONA
FORMATIOOF 30000 FEBOO
USERS.
ANTHEN CLLECD DATN
MILLIO OF EIR FRNDS.
IT AEARS T INRMATIO
LLECTE INCDED ACCORNG TO
ME REPTSVEN INUDED
PRIVE DICT MSAGESETWE
ERS.
HE'SAIDO HVEAKEN DA
OM OVER MILLI AMICANS.
ITAS ALS BEEN RORTEDHAT
SOLHIS DATA TOAMBRID
ALYTICFOR $8,000.
CAMBRIE ANALICA TH TOOK
TH DATA ANREAT
YCHOGICAL WELFA TLO
FLUENC UTED STES
ELECONS.
IN FACT,HE CELEXAER
CKS, DECREDHATAMBRID
ALYTICRAN AL THE DIGIT
CAAIGN, E TELISION
CAAIGN AND SATA IORMED
ALL THSTRAGY FORHE TMP
CAMPGN.
E REPORNG HS ASO
SPECATED TT CAMBDGE
ANALYTAORKE WITHHE
INTERNET RESEAH ANC T HEL
RUIA IDEIFY WCH AMECAN
VORS TO TART WIT IT
PROPAGDA.
I'MONCERN THATRESS RORTS
DICATEACEBOOEARNED ABO
THIS BACH I 2015 BUT APPEA
NO T HAVEAKEN SIGNICANT
EPS TODDRESSTNTIL THIS
AR.
SO THIS HRING IS IMPOANT,
AND  ARECIATTHE
COERSATI WE HAD STERDA
AND BELIEVTHAT CEBOOK,
THROH YR PESENCE HERE
TOY, AHE WDS YOUE
ABOU TO TELLS WIL IICATE
W STRGLY YR IUSTRY WL
REGULATE A/OR REFOR T
PLATFOS THAT THEY CONTL.
I BEEVE TH IS
TRAORDARILY PORTAN
YOLEAD AIG COMNYITH
27,0 EMOYEE
ANDE VERY MUCH OK FORRD TO
YO COMMT.
ANK YOR. AIRM.
THE HTORY AND GROWT OF
FACEOK MIRRORS THAT OF MANY OF
R TECOLOGIC GANTS FOUND
BY MR. ZUERBERGN 2004,
CEBOOKAS EXPLODEDVERHE
PAST ARS.
FACEBO CURRELY H OVER 2
LLION NTHLYCTIVE USERS
ROSS T RLD, OVE 2500
EMOYEES D OFFESN  U.S.
TIES A VARIOTH
COTRIES.
LI THE EANDING USER BAS
THDATA COLCTED ON FACEBO
USS H ALO SKOCKETE
TH HAVE MOVED ON FROMCHOOLS
LIS, AND RELAONSHIP
STATUS.
TODAYACEBOOHAS ACCESSO
ZENS OATA POINTANGING
FR AD THA YOU' CCKED ON,
EVEN YOU'V ATNDED, AND YOUR
LOTION BED UPOYOUR MILE
DEVICE
ITSO SRETHAT FACOOK
MAS MONE OFFHISATA
THROUG ADVTISING REVEE,
THOUGHANY ARE VWS BY A
ALL TOTHER UWAREFHIS
CT.
FACEBOENERAT -- GENATED
$40 BIION IN REVUE IN017
TH ABO % COMI FROM
ADVEISING.
SIGNICANT TA COLCTION
SO OCCRING AOGLE,
TWITR, APP, AND AZON.
EV AN ER-EXPDING POROLIO
OFERVICEFFEREDY TESE
COANIE GANT ENDSS
OPRTUNITS TOOLLECT
INFOATIOON OUR CTOMERS
WE GEMORE FE OXTREME
LOW ST SERVICES T TRADEO
FOR THE ARICAN CONMER IO
OVIDE REERSONA TA.
E POTTIAL F FURTHER GWTH
AND INNATION BAS ON
LLECONF DAT IS MITLS.
WEVE THE POTENAL FO ASE
IS ALS GNIFANT.
WHILE E CONURS OFHE
MBRIDGANALICA TUATIO
ARE ILL COMG TO LIT,HERE
WAS CLRLYBREACH OFRUSTND
LIKE TRANSER OF DATA.
THE JUDIARY CMITTEE WILL
LD A SEPATE HRING
EXPLING CAMBRID A OER
DA PRICY SUES.
MO IMPORNTLY THGH, TSE
EVTS HE IITEDA LARGE
SCUSSIONN CONSERS'
EXPECTIONS A THEUTURF
DA PVACY.
IT IEXPOSETHAT CNSUMSAY
NOT FLY UNDSTAND
PRECIA THEXTENTO ICH
THR DATASCOECTED,
PROTECD, TRAFERREDSED AND
MISED.
DA HAS BESED AN
ADVERTING INOLITIC
MPAIGNFOR DECADE
CAMPGNS ILUDING PREDENTS
SH, OBA,NDRUMP ALLSE
ESE INCREING AUNTS O DA
TOFOCUS ON CROTARTING A
PERSALIZATN OV NUMOUS
SOCIALEDIA PTFORMSND
ESPECILY FACOOK.
FACT, PSIDENT OBA'S
MPAIGN DEVOPEDN APP
UTILIZINGHE SAM FACEOK
FEATE AS CAMBRGE ANATICA
TO CAPRE T IORMATI OF
T JUSTHE APP'S USERS, B
MIIONS OTHEIR FRIEND
THE DIGTAL DECTOROR TT
CAMPGN FOR012ESCRIB THE
DATA SCRAPG APP AS SOMHING
TH WOD,OTE, "WIN UP
BEINTHE MT GRNDBREANG
PIECE OF TECHNOLOGY DEVOPED
FO THISCAAIGNND OTE.
TH EFFECVENESS OFHESE
SOAL MED TACCSCA BE
BATED.
BUT EIR US OVE T PT
YEARS ACRS THEOLITIC
ECTRUMND THE INCREED
SIGNIFICANCEANNOT  IGNOR.
OUR POLI TOWDS DATA PVACY
AND CURITY MUST EP PACWITH
THESE ANGES.
DA PRIVA SHOULBE TETRED
CONSUR NEEDAND
EXCTATIO.
W AT AINIMUM CONSUME MT
HA THE TRAPAREY NESSARY
TO MAKE AN INFMED DECISION
ABT WHEER TO SRE THEI
DA AND W I CAN BE USED.
CONSUMS OHT T HAVLEARER
INFORMION, NOTPAQUEOLICIE
AN COMPX CLK-THROH
NSENT PAS.
THE CH INDUSTRY HAS A
OBLIGAONO RESPOND TO
WISPREADND GROWI CONRNS
OVATA PRIVAND SURITY
ANTO RESTORE TH PUBL'S
TRUST.
TH STATUS QUOO LONGERORKS.
MOREOV, CONGSS MUS
DETEINE IF AND HOWE NED TO
STRETHEN PVACY STAARDS TO
ENSURE TRAPARENC AND
UNDETANDINFOR TH BILONS
OF CONSURS W ULIZE TESE
PRODTS.
NATONELSON
>>HANK U, MCHAIAN.
MR. ZUERBERG GOOD AFTEOON.
LET  JUST CUT T THE CHASE.
Y AND OEROCIAL MEA
COMPANS D NT GET YOU ACT N
ORDER,ONE O U AE GING T
VE ANY PVACY AMORE.
AT'SHAT WE'R FING.
'RE TAING ABTERSOLLY
IDENFIABLENFORMAON THAIF
T KEPT BHE SOCL MEDI
COANIES OM THEFT, A VUE
THAT WE HAVE I AMICA BNG
OU PSONAL PVACYWE W'T
HAVET ANORE.
THE ADVT OF TECHNOGY AN
OF CRSE L OFRE PAROF
IT.
FROM T MOMENTHAT W WAK U
THE MNINGNTIL W GET TO
D, WRENHOSEANDHEL
TABLS.
ANDNLIN COMPAES LI
CEBO ARE TRAINGUR
ACVITI AND CLECTIN
FORMION.
FACEOK HAS A RESNSIBILYO
PROTT TH PERSOL
INRMATION.
WE HAD A GOOD DCUSSIO
STERDA
WEENT OVALL  THIS.
YOU LD ME THATHE COMPA HAD
FAED TO  SO.
IT NOT TIRST TME THA
CEBOOKAS MISHDLED S
USS' FORMION.
THEFTC FND TAT FACEOK'S
PRIVYOLICIESA DECVED
USERS  THE PT.
D I T PSENT CASE,E
REGNIZEHATAMBRID
ALYTICAND AN APPEVELOP
ED TOONSUME AND EDO
U, LIE T FACEBK, BUTID
FACEBO WATCHVER TH
OPATIONS
WE WANTO KNOTHAT.
ANDHY DI'TACEBOO NOTIF
MILLI URSHATHEIR
PERSALLY IDEIFIABL
INRMATIOHAD EN TAK?
D I W BEING ALSO USD.
WHY WERE EY NOT IORMEDOR
UNAUTHIZED PITIC PURPOS?
SO OY NOW, A APPREATE
OUR CONVSATION OY N
CEBOOKAS PLEDGED TO IORM
THOSEONSUMEWHOSE ACCNTS
WEREOMPRISED.
INK Y'RE NUINE.
I GTHATENSE IN CONVEING
WITH YOU.
YOU WA TO DOHE RIGHT THING.
YOU WTONACT RORMS.
WE WANT TO KNOWF IT'SOING T
BENOUGH.
AND I HO THAT WLLE IN T
ANSWERTODAY.
NOW, SCE WETILL DON KNOW
WHAT CAMIDGE ALYTICAAS
DONEITHHIS DATA U HRD
CHAIRM THUNE SAY AS WE HA
DISCSED WE WT TO HAUL
MBRIDGANALICA IN TO ANSR
THE QUESONS AT SEPARE
ARING.
IANT T THANK CHAIRMA TNE
FOR WORKI WH A OF USN
HEDULI A HEANG.
THE'S OIOUSLY GREEAL
OF INTEREST  THIS BJECT.
I HOE CANET TO E BOTT
OFHIS.
DIF FACOOKNDTHER ONLI
MPANIEWILLOT OR CANNOIX
THPRIVAC VASION THENE
ARE GNG T HA TO
, THE CORESS.
HOW C ARICANONSUME TST
FOLKS KE YOU COMPY TO BE
CARETARS OF THEIR MO
PEONAL A IDENTIABLE
INFOATION?
AND AT'SHE QUEION.
THANK U.
>> TNK YO, MY OLLEAGS, AND
SETOR NEON.
OU WITNESS TAY IARK
CKERBE, FODER,HAIRMAN,
CHIEXECUTI OFFER OF
CEBO.
. ZUCKERRG LNCHED FABOOK
FEUARY 4th, 04, ATHE AGE
OF 19.
D ATHAT TE HW A
STENT  HARRD UVERSY.
MENONED PREVUSLY H
COMPANOW HAS OR $40 BLION
OFNNUALEVENUE AN OR 2
BILLN MONLY ACTE ERS.
MR. ZUCRBER ALG WIT HI
WIFE ALS ESTLISHED TE
AN-ZUCRBERGNITIIVEO
RTHER PLANTHROPICAUSES.
I W TUTO YOU.
LCOMTO THE MMITTEE.
D WTEVER YOURTATEME IS
ORAL, IFOU HAVA NGER
ONE,T WL BE INCLUD IN THE
RECO.
SO OCEED, SI
CHAIRN ASSLEY CIRMA
THUN RKINGEMBE FNSTEIN
D RANNG MEMR NSON AND
MEERS OFHEMMITTE WE
FAD A NUER OF IORTANT
ISSUROUN PRICY, SATY,
AN DEMOCRY.
U WILL RIGHTFLY HAVSOME
HA QUESTNS FORE T ANSR.
BEFORE TLKBOUTHE STE
'RE TAKI TO ADDRETHM, I
WA TO TA ABOUTOW WE T
RE.
FABOOK I ANDEALISTI A
TIMIST COMPA.
FOR MOST OFUR EXIENCE, WE
CUSED  ALL O TE GOODHAT
CONNTING PEOPL CAN.
ANASACEBOO HA OWN,
PEOPLEVERYWHE HAVE GOEN A
POWERF NEW TL FOR SYING
CONNTED TOHE OPLE THEY
VE, FOMAKINGHEIR VCES
HED, AND FORUILDIN
MMUNITS ANDBUSINEES.
TER HRICANEHARV,PEOPLE
CAMEOGETHE TO RAISORE TH
$20 LLION R RELI.
DOREHAN 70 MLIONMALL
BUNESSESSEACEBOOK TO
CRTE JOBAND GR.
BUT IS CLEA NOW TATWE
DN'T D ENOGH TO PRENT
THE TOOL FROM ING US FOR
HARMS WELL
ANDHAT GOES FOR FE NEWS
FORENNTERFENCE I
ELTIONS D HATEPEECH
LL AS VELOPE AND DA
PRIVY.
DIDN' TAKE AROADNOUGH
EW OFURRESPSIBILI, AND
THAT W A BIG STAKE.
AND ITAS MY STAKE.
AND M SORR
ITARTEDACEBOO
I N IT.
ANI'M REONSIBLFOR WH
HAPPENHERE.
SO N WEAVE TO GO THRGH
OUR -- AL OF OURELATIOHIP
WITHEOPLE DAKE SUREHAT
WEE TING AROAD ENGH VIEW
OFURSPONSILITY.
IT'SOT ENOH TO JUSTONNECT
PELE.
WE HAVTO MAKE RE THATHOSE
CONNECONS ARPOSITI.
IT'S N OUGHO JUS GE
PELE A VOI.
WE NE T ME SUR THATEOPLE
AR'TSING I TOARMTHER
OPLEROPREAD
SINFORTION.
IT NOT ENOUGH T JUST GE
PEOPLE CONTR OVE THEIR
INFOATION.
WE ND TO ME SURE TT TE
DELOPERSHEY SRE IT WH
PROTECTHEIR FORMATN, TOO.
ACSS THE BOD,E HE
REONSILITY T NUSTBUILD
OLS, B TO ME SUREHAT
THEY'RUSED F GOOD.
IT WIL TE SMEIME TO WORK
ROUGHLL THE CHAES WNEED
TO ME ACRO THE MPANY,UT
I'M CMITTED TETTINGHIS
RIGHT.
THIS INCLUS T BIC
REONSIBITY OF PROCTING
PEOPLE INFORTION WHICHE
ILED TDO WITCAMBRIE
ALYTIC
SO HERERE AEW THGS THAT WE
ARE DING TO ARESS TSND TO
PREVENIT FROM HAPPENG AGAI
FIRST,E'RE GTING T THE
BOOM OF EXALY WTAMBRID
ANYTICA DND TELNG
ERYONE FECTED
WHATE KNOW NO IS THA
MBRIDGANALYTA IMPRORLY
CESSEDOME INRMATIOABOU
MIIONS OFACEBO MBERSY
BUYINGT FROMN APP VELOPE
TH IORMATI -- THIS S
INRMATIO TH PPLE
GERALLY AREDUBLIY
EIR FABOOK PAGES LE NAS
AN TEIR PFILE PTURE A
THE GES TH FOLLO
WHEN WIRST CONCTED
MBRIDGANALYTA, TY TO
US THE DELEED T DATA.
ABT A MTHAG WE ARD N
PORTS ATUGGESTHAT
SN'T TR.
NOW 'REORKI WIT
GORNMENTIN T U.S. UK, A
OUNDHE WLD TOO A FUL
AUDIOF WT TY'VE DNE A
ME SHEYET R OF A
DA THEY Y SLL HA.
CONDTO MAURENO OTH
APP DELOPERUT TRE ARE
MISUNG TA,E'RE N
VESTATING EVERINGLEPP
THAT HCCESO LAR
AMOU OF FORMION  T
PAST.
AN IF WEIND THATOMEONE
PROPER USEDATA, WRE
GOG TO BAN TEM FRO
CEBOOK-
>>ND WE IITE Y TO CONNUE
TO WAT C MARZUCKERRG
TEIFY  THEENATOMMIEE
ON OR UTUBEGE,
FO0PHOEN.COM OFACEBO
LIVE